Merge resolve_file / resolve_local_file implementations (fixes #755) (#756)
mirage/ocaml-cohttp: CHANGES.md

- improve media type parsing (@seliopou #542, @dinosaure #725)
- add comparison functions for Request.t and Response.t via ppx_compare (@msaffer-js @dinosaure #686)

## v2.5.5 (2021-03-15)

- `Cohttp_async.resolve_local_file`, `Cohttp_lwt.resolve_local_file` and `Cohttp_lwt_unix.resolve_file`

>   are now the same code under the hood (`Cohttp.Server_utils.resolve_local_file`). The old names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  are now the same code under the hood (`Cohttp.Path.resolve_local_file`). The old names
```

Author: Done.

>   have been preserved for compatibility, but marked as deprecated. This changes the behavior of

Reviewer 2: Instead of marked as deprecated I will modify this as “will be marked as deprecated in the next released” if that is fine
